fix RPM package repository url (#292)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/installguide/management-server/_pkg_repo.rst

``/etc/yum.repos.d/cloudstack.repo`` and insert the following
information.

> In the case of RHEL you could replace centos by rhel in baseurl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of RHEL being used, you can replace 'centos' by 'rhel' in the value of baseurl
```
